# si507flask
Part 1 - Setting Up Flask Ԏ . Create a GitHub Repo. Ԁ . Create a file called top_headlines.py which will contain the commands to set up the flask app that retrieves the top technology news stories today. ԃ . Create a python file called “secrets.py” for API Key within your repo directory ԅ . Create a directory called “templates” within your repo directory After part 1, you should have 3 files within the local repo directory: (1) “top_headlines.py”, (2) “secrets.py” and “README.md”, and 1 directory called
“templates”. Part 2 - Adding Content For both components in part 2, you can use as many or as f functions as you would like. Note there is no starter code or tests for this assignment - the rubric is designed to be scored based on the behavior of your app. We’re taking the training wheels off here. Ԏ . Default Home Page If the user goes to the default homepage (http://localhost:5000), your output should look like the following (use <h1> tag to make the font larger): Sample Output 1 Ԁ . Get Users Name Create a template called “name.html” under the directory “templates” with the following content: <h1>Hello, {{name}}!</h1>
In your “top_headlines.py” file, utilize the template to incorporate an individual's name. For example, http://localhost:5000/name/Buffy should return the following: Sample Output 2 ԃ . Query New York Times API In your “top_headlines.py” file, write code to retrieve the top 5 articles from the New York Times from the technology section. Make sure to include your API key in a file called “secrets.py”. You need to obtain an API key for Top Stories API on New York Times. The link to get the API key and the documentation can be found at https://developer.nytimes.com/. After issuing the API key, the screen should be the following:
“secrets.py” will contain a variable named api_key. Format the top 5 articles with the corresponding titles as an ordered list. Remember: Do NOT share your API key on Github. (use “.gitignore”) For example, if you were to run “top_headlines.py” on April 8th and go to the URL http://localhost:5000/headlines/Buffy, your final output of part 2 should look like this:
Sample Output 3 The text displayed should have different header tags (i.e. <h1>, <h2>). Experiment with the different header tags, until your webpage looks like the example above.
